bob wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0.001 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0.001 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
bob wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0.001 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0.001 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0.001 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0.001 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
bob wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0.001 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
bob wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0.001 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0.001 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
alice wins 	--Execution Time: 0 seconds
